[OSD-10624] add the doc for metrics (#39)
openshift/ocm-agent: docs/metrics.md

# Metrics

OCM Agent will expose the follow metrics via web server metric port `8383`.

## Related resources

`Service` and `ServiceMonitor`: Those are managed by the [OCM Agent operator](https://github.com/openshift/ocm-agent-operator/)

`PrometheusRules`: Defines the alerting rules based on the metrics in
[Managed Cluster Config](https://github.com/openshift/managed-cluster-config/)

`Role` and `RoleBinding`: Required role and rolebinding to scrape the metrics from
OCM Agent are managed by [OCM Agent operator](https://github.com/openshift/ocm-agent-operator/)

## List of metrics

|name|type|description|
|----|----|----|

> |ocm_agent_requests_total|Counter|A total number of valid requests received by OCM Agent on web service port|
> |ocm_agent_requests_by_service|Counter|A total number of valid requests received by OCM Agent by different services,<br/>currently `alertmanager-receiver` is supported|
> |ocm_agent_failed_requests_total|Counter|A total number of failed requests received by OCM Agent on web service port|
> |ocm_agent_request_failure|Gauge|An indicator that when the OCM Agent cannot proceed the request successfully|
> |ocm_agent_response_failure|Gauge|An indicator that when the OCM Agent cannot get correct response from OCM services|
> |ocm_agent_service_log_sent|Counter|A total number of Service Log sent succeeded based the template name and firing state|

Reviewer: I know @T0MASD was rather keen on these descriptions matching the descriptions that we use in the actual code. 
So with that in mind, we should either update our Help text in `metrics.go` to match these, or change these to match those (or a mix of both).

The proposal below would keep them in sync with the current Help descriptions.

```suggestion
|ocm_agent_requests_total|Counter|A count of total requests to ocm agent service|
|ocm_agent_requests_by_service|Counter|A count of total requests to ocm agent based on sub service|
|ocm_agent_failed_requests_total|Counter|A count of total failed requests received by the OCM Agent service|
|ocm_agent_request_failure|Gauge|Indicates that OCM Agent could not successfully process a request|
|ocm_agent_response_failure|Gauge|Indicates that the call to the OCM service endpoint failed|
|ocm_agent_service_log_sent|Counter|A count of total service log sent based on managedNotification template|
```
